Baby, be good and go to sleep. I'll be here later.
It's you, passing by,
The child who killed me came here and said I need to be injured and divorced?
It's okay for you to say that, after all, you almost killed Xiaochen.
However, today I want to tell you what happened today,
Xu Hao, that little one, what did you say?
He was afraid of being near prison, so he kept pretending to be with you,
Go and tell him that I am willing to let you go.
However, if he wants to go up again, it won't happen.
He said he would rather go to Ou because he went abroad.
and have a child
I believe you in whatever I mention
Because of this incident
Pulling the center of the heavy talk
he helped me
I will make people willing for him
Go and sacrifice to tune in to Lin Jia
Are you feeling uncomfortable somewhere?
Do you want me to be a leader?
i know you
You are just a friend whose love words are a passing wish.
I've always been by his side as a family member.
It seems that there are quite a few people who know about me and Guan Xi, the junior boy.
Do you like to show it?
you misunderstood
Although I am a subordinate of a yellow-faced woman, but
He's not as sensitive to feelings as I am
As for just
Since I only don’t love you
You can only share the identity of others
Just stay with him
Can you say something so meaningful?
It means you are in good spirits.
in treatment for a period of time
You can be discharged from the hospital
Generally like the enemy of our work
You want to take advantage of the situation, but I won’t help you.
What else do you know
You've been in the plot ward for so long
I'm afraid that his unstable mood will harm you.
Make you worry
It’s just that I’m so angry
I want you to be such a careful girl
Relative's car owner
Have you eaten it?
How can I remember
Let’s hang up together again
Tell me what I did earlier and see clearly
The conference promised to help me become a relative
Xu number should be found soon
We should tell him the charges as soon as possible
Let him send someone
Called Xu Hong